AMETHYST (purple)
 Amethyst has been known for eons as the stone of spirituality. It assist in recovery of all sorts. It helps us to find the strength deep within to overcome. It calms and soothes the emotions and prepares the soul for intense transformational journeys. Amethyst is also a a stone of prosperity based on its deep and gloriously rich color. It creates a protective energy field around its whearer assisting in transmuting negative energies from within as well as externally.

AQUAMARINE (light bluish green) 
 The meaning of aquamarine revolves around it's color. It is associated with the water, the sea in particular. This connection to water gives aquamarine it's soothing power. This Stone helps to relieve stress and is very calming and tranquil. It is also the birthstone of March.

CARNELIAN (orange) 
Carnelian opens the heart and helps to connect with the inner self. It directs willpower, grounds and balances the sacral chakra, lends courage and fluency of speech and is a powerful physical healer. Its energy is warm, joyous, invigorating, uplifting and open! Carry Carnelian to increase perceptiveness, create inspiration and take action. Use it to dispel apathy and sorrow and to protect from envy, fear and rage. Carnelian is a great empowerment and self confidence booster!

LAPIS (dark Blue) 
Lapis is considered a stone of universal truth in friendship. It brings Harmony into relationships and helps it's wearer to be an authentic individual who may openly state his or her opinion. Lapis is a powerful stone for those who seek spiritual development. It brings mental clarity and emotional healing and enhances judgment and wisdom.

CITRINE (yellow) 
Citrine is solidified sunshine! It emits a solar ray of joy, expansive and potent. It connects your will with the will of the Divine. Allowing the use of personal power, mental focus and creative ideas to create a beautiful life. Citrine beings clarity, positivity and joyous transformation. Where there is indecisiveness, fogginess or uncertainty, Citrine can be used to bring clarity. 

AMAZONITE (green) 
 Amazonite is a very soothing stone. It calms the brain and nervous system and aides in maintaining optimum health. It balances masculine and feminine energies. Amazonite helps one to see both sides of a problem as well as different points of view. It soothes emotional trauma, alleviating worry and fear. It dispels negative energy, aggravation and blockages within the nervous system. Amazonite assists in manifesting Universal love. It protects against electromagnetic pollution and absorbs microwaves.

WATERMELON TOURMALINE(pink and green) 
Watermelon tourmaline is a "delicious" stone for getting you out of your head and back into your heart. It promotes joyful self-acceptance, and a sense of playfulness. It removes guilt and inner conflict caused by critical self-thinking. It can help to lessen depression and mend emotional wounds by allowing the wearer to see the meaning in life events.

FLUORITE (blue, green and purple) 
Fluorite is a highly protective and stabilizing stone. Useful for grounding and harmonizing spiritual energy. Fluorite increases intuitive abilities. It links the human mind to Universal consciousness developing connection to Spirit. Fluorite heightens mental abilities, assisting in rapid organization and processing of information. It brings mental clarity and stability to an otherwise chaotic situation. Fluorite absorbs negative energies from the environment and is effective at auric and chakra cleansing. Fluorite can also shield the user from Psychic manipulation.

OPALITE (milky to opaque magical looking) 
 Opalite is subtle yet highly energetic. It is ideal for meditation. Opalite improves communication on all levels, especially the spiritual. It removes energy blockages of the chakras and meridians. Emotionally, opalite helps by assisting during transitions of all kinds. It in genders persistence and gives strength ij verbalizing are hidden feelings. It can also bring success in business. Opalite is for all around healing. It aids in sexual prowess, enhancing sexual experience. Opalite stabilizes mood swings and helps in overcoming fatigue. 

JASPER (reds, greens and browns) 
Jasper is a stone of selflessness. It is the mother of all stones, bringing about Love of All mankind. Jasper makes its effects known slowly and gradually, just like nature. It's considered an emotionally calming stone. It is an excellent stone for those who like change to be a gradual unfolding process. Jasper assists in transmuting pain. It draws focus away from the pain, bringing you back to center. It is grounding and healing stone.